it's Walter Martin back to help you find
some of the best sales and deals on used
cars in your particular area and I've
been going throughout much of Florida
and today I'm gonna go into Pensacola so
the first thing we need to do is find
the Craigslist Pensacola page you go to
google.com and type in Craigslist
Pensacola Florida and hit enter and the
first listing you're gonna see is
Pensacola dock craigslist.org go ahead
and click this link and this is going to
take you to the generic Craigslist page
with Pensacola up top search crisis on
the left nearby Craigslist on the right
I always go to the for sale section and
I click on cars and trucks and then I go
to by owner only and this is gonna take
you to some of the most affordable
vehicles anywhere on the internet not
just in the Pensacola area not just in
Florida pretty much anywhere on the net
when you look for Craigslist used cars
for sale by owner you're gonna find the
best deals so here's a perfect example
here's an old out ea6 Quattro for $2,800
now there's a few things in this ad that
are missing but there's a phone number
to call them you know there's there's
they're actually there's very little
information in this ad but giving them a
call test driving the vehicle and
finding out more about this particular
vehicle will be very easy because they
have a phone number now if you don't
want to go through that hassle there's
gonna be a lot of other craigslist ads
on here that have more information these
are actually very little information and
I'm sure I'll find one here that is
quite lengthy when it comes to
information as you can see here you go
here's an ad with all kinds of
information that you'll you'll need any
OBO is something very important so when
it says o bo that tells me it stands for
or best offer but what it tells me is
that the sellers willing to take a lower
price if they're not getting interest at
the current price point so they're
asking for seventy three hundred dollars
but if they're not getting interest
right now there's a good chance you
could walk away with this vehicle for
$6,500 or maybe even less if you have
cash in hand so if you have any
questions about buying used cars on
Craigslist in the Pensacola Florida area
please feel free to comment below and
please like the video on YouTube if you
find it helpful